As we have learned,
Supply Chain Management involves coordinating
and integrating the flow of material
from the vendor to the end user.
The ultimate goal of any effective Supply Chain
Management system is to reduce inventory
while making sure that products are available
when needed.
Efficient and effective Supply Chain Management
is critical to VA,
both financially and in delivering quality patient care.
Better hospital Supply Chain Management
leads to better quality of care
and supports patient safety,
according to a new Cardinal Health survey
of hospital staff and decision makers.
Despite respondents rating their supply chain process
as good, one in four hospital staff
have seen or heard of expired product being used
on a patient,
and 18% have seen or heard of a patient
being harmed due to a lack of necessary supplies.